Update readme file with the website content (#6869)
vaticle/typedb: README.md

# Meet TypeDB (and [TypeQL](https://github.com/vaticle/typeql))

TypeDB is a strongly typed database with an intelligent reasoning engine to infer new data and a 
declarative query language based on composable patterns to find it easily.

TypeDB looks beyond relational and NoSQL databases by introducing a strong type system and extending it with inference 
and pattern matching for simple, yet powerful querying.

## The benefits of strong typing

TypeDB brings the benefits of strong typing in modern programming languages to the database, allowing developers to use 
abstraction, inheritance and polymorphism when modeling and querying data – and finally removing the mismatch between 
logical and physical data models.

### Logical data model

Model data naturally – as the entities, relations and attributes defined in an entity-relationship diagram. 

> There's no need for separate logical and physical data models due to database limitations and operational optimizations 

Author: ```suggestion
There's no impedance mismatch between the logical and physical data models due to database limitations and operational optimizations.
```
Just moved a full stop here from the next line.
But can this phrase be seen as ambiguous?

> (e.g., normalization). In TypeDB, the logical data model is the physical data model.

Author: ```suggestion
In TypeDB, the logical data model _is_ the physical data model.
```

can be queried using the same vocabulary which defines it.

```typeql
define

# can be user or group
subject sub entity, abstract, owns credential;

# can be employee or contractor
user sub subject, abstract, owns full-name;

# full-name is inherited
employee sub user, owns salary;
contractor sub user, owns rate;

# can be users in business unit or role
user-group sub subject, abstract, owns name;

# name is inherited
business-unit sub user-group;
user-role sub user-group;
```

### Relations

Contextualize relations, which are now first-class citizens. Relations define one or more roles played by entities, 
relations and attributes, each with its own name, and optionally have attributes too – just like entities, and well 
beyond a simple foreign key constraint.

```typeql
define

subject sub entity, abstract,
   plays sod-violation:of;

object sub entity, abstract, 
   plays sod-violation:on;

action sub entity, abstract,
   plays sod-policy:prohibits;

sod-policy sub relation, 
   owns name,
   relates prohibits,
   plays sod-violation:against;

sod-violation sub relation,
   relates of,
   relates on,
   relates against;

> ```

Author: The main idea of this PR is to update the readme file with the content from our website. I really don't think we need to change examples here. I'm trying to be as close to our website as possible. And if we want to change our website example - we should probably do that as a separate task and later update this readme. What do you think?

### Multi-valued attributes

Use multi-valued attributes without having to create join tables or parse strings. If a person has multiple hobbies, 
create multiple hobby attributes. And since attributes exist independently of entities and relations, and are shared, 

> there’s no need to create lookup tables. Simply query the database to find all attributes of a specific type 

Author: This is much simpler but loses the comparison perspective. The comparison here is interesting and a useful one. Do you think we need to get rid of all comparisons here? Why?

(e.g., hobby).

```typeql
define

employee sub entity, 
   owns full-name,
   owns primary-email,
   owns email-alias;

full-name sub attribute, value string;

email sub attribute, abstract, value string;

primary-email sub email, value string;
email-alias sub email, value string;

insert $e isa employee,
   has full-name "John Doe", 
   has primary-email "john.doe@vaticle.com",
   has email-alias "jdoe@vaticle.com",
   has email-alias "john@vaticle.com";
```

## The ease of pattern matching

> TypeQL is a fully declarative query language based on pattern matching. There is no need for developers to tell TypeDB 

Author: Shane wrote this text. I'm not sure, but I'd assume Haikal reviewed it. But I totally see what you mean. The question is - whether we want to match Readme content with the website content (it was the original goal) or do better?

## Contributions

TypeDB & TypeQL has been built using various open-source frameworks throughout its evolution. Today TypeDB & TypeQL 
is built using 
[Speedb](https://www.speedb.io/),
[ANTLR](http://www.antlr.org),
[SCIP](https://www.scipopt.org),
[Bazel](https://bazel.build),
[GRPC](https://grpc.io),
[ZeroMQ](https://zeromq.org), 
and [Caffeine](https://github.com/ben-manes/caffeine). 

In the past, TypeDB was enabled by various open-source technologies and communities that we are hugely thankful to:
[RocksDB](https://rocksdb.org),
[Apache Cassandra](http://cassandra.apache.org), 
[Apache Hadoop](https://hadoop.apache.org), 
[Apache Spark](http://spark.apache.org), 
[Apache TinkerPop](http://tinkerpop.apache.org), 
and [JanusGraph](http://janusgraph.org). 

Thank you!

## Licensing

This software is developed by [Vaticle](https://vaticle.com/).  

> It's released under the GNU Affero GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 3, 19 November 2007. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's released under the GNU Affero General Public License version 3 (AGPLv3) [maybe hyperlink?]. 
```
